Replaced NApp's  publish and install functionality with GitHub (#13)
kytos-ng/documentation: tutorials/napps/create_ping_pong_napps.rst

ping events periodically. While the second NApp will be called **pong**, and it
will listen to the ping events and register a pong message in the Kytos logger.

Before proceeding to the next section of this tutorial, make sure you have a GitHub account, if not please follow steps in this |Link|_ to do so.

> Use your GitHub account *username* whereever mentioned *username* in this tutorial.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use your GitHub account *username* wherever mentioned *username* in this tutorial.
```

    $ python3 setup.py develop
  done

> To install remotely, you have to publish it first. Follow the instructions in this |Link|_ to publish as well as install your NApp.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To install remotely, you have to publish them first. Follow the instructions in this |Link|_ to publish as well as install your NApps.
```
The tutorial is creating two NApps, ping and pong.

> Now that you have published your NApps, You can now see your NApp installed and enabled, by running the command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now that you have published your NApps, you can install and enable them by running the command:
```

Author: @viniarck Made changes as suggested, please review.
